Update Miner Docs for Latest Node Versions (#1616)
stacks-network/docs: stacks-in-depth/nodes-and-miners/mine-testnet-stacks-tokens.md

#### Start Bitcoin

Finally, start `bitcoind` as follows (adjust the `conf` path to where it was created in the previous step, i.e. `$HOME/bitcoin.conf`):

```bash
bitcoind -conf=$HOME/bitcoin.conf
```

**Note:** It will take a few hours for the node to synchronize with Bitcoin Testnet.

While it's syncing, you can track the progress with `bitcoin-cli` or the logfile (will be located where the chainstate is stored, i.e. `/bitcoin/testnet3/debug.log`):

```bash
$ bitcoin-cli \
 -rpcconnect=127.0.0.1 \
 -rpcport=18332 \
 -rpcuser=btcuser \
 -rpcpassword=btcpass \

>   getblockchaininfo | jq .blocks

Reviewer: formatting: remove the 2 spaces 
```suggestion
getblockchaininfo | jq .blocks
```

2583513
```

***

### Running a Stacks Blockchain miner

> First, download a [stacks blockchain binary](https://github.com/stacks-network/stacks-blockchain/releases/latest), or [build from source](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/testnet/stacks-blockchain.md#build-and-install-stacks-blockchain-from-source) (_there may be some extra requirements to building,_ [_defined here_](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/testnet/prerequisites.md#install-required-packages)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, download the latest tagged [stacks blockchain binary](https://github.com/stacks-network/stacks-blockchain/releases/latest), or [build from source](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/testnet/stacks-blockchain.md#build-and-install-stacks-blockchain-from-source) (_there may be some extra requirements to building,_ [_defined here_](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/testnet/prerequisites.md#install-required-packages)).
```

***

### Running a Stacks Blockchain miner

First, download a [stacks blockchain binary](https://github.com/stacks-network/stacks-blockchain/releases/latest), or [build from source](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/main/stacks-blockchain.md#build-and-install-stacks-blockchain-from-source)
First, download a [stacks blockchain binary](https://github.com/stacks-network/stacks-blockchain/releases/latest), or [build from source](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/testnet/stacks-blockchain.md#build-and-install-stacks-blockchain-from-source) (_there may be some extra requirements to building,_ [_defined here_](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/testnet/prerequisites.md#install-required-packages)).

_There may be some extra requirements to building,_ [_defined here_](https://github.com/stacksfoundation/miner-docs/blob/main/prerequisites.md#install-required-packages)

> :::tip It is recommened to use a persistent location for the chainstate, in the steps below we're using `/stacks-blockchain` :::

Reviewer: these should remain. 
- there are quite a few dependencies required that the link will be helpful in resolving
- the `tip` line is formatted for githbook, so the markdown should be the same as was removed here.

Author: They remained, I've just changed their placement (they now are with parentheses after `build from source` - also added them to the bitcoin build step).
![image](https://github.com/stacks-network/docs/assets/157840260/b0dedb36-3ac0-4816-9958-232ce23ce594)
![image](https://github.com/stacks-network/docs/assets/157840260/64c8ce0f-8e27-4653-bfff-47baac736094)

```json
{
  "mnemonic": "put cushion unique anxiety tooth brand record call toy able artwork actual disagree round drum equip surprise injury matter merge desk flash service rather",
  "keyInfo": {
    "privateKey": "3d17ffc45de1682a076a294753335cae5531d8ea50d3ca67a84e00cb6c84cf4d01",
    "publicKey": "0299445e0a04d9d7b9dcf85837960c6b7da279d1dc2c1f632de2e5785b56feb885",
    "address": "ST1P67504RRJBG85ZG7MVZX6WVEG5Q766YD97R65H",
    "btcAddress": "mqQ4ZaxBu5CP5K8yuvMnS3PoELb52N1h8Q",

>     "wif": "cPdTdMgww2njhnekUZmHmFNKsWAjVdCR4cfvD2Y4UQhFzMmwoW33",

Reviewer: same as above - use the same values as miner-docs repo, or create new fake ones.
